DOCS-708: apply naomi's feedback on extend (#1133)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/program/extend/modular-resources/_index.md

> ### APIs

Reviewer: At the top of this page can you add `nolist: true` and then manually add the examples as cards in a next steps section at the bottom as well?

Author: yep! That lgtm 
It duplicates cards a bit but I'm fine with that

### APIs

> Every Viam {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="resource" text="resource" >}} exposes an [Application Programming Interface (API)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/API), which allows you to interact with or "speak" to the resource.

Author: ```suggestion
Every Viam {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="resource" text="resource" >}} exposes an [Application Programming Interface (API)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/API).
This can be understood as a description of how you can interact with that resource.
```

### APIs

Every Viam {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="resource" text="resource" >}} exposes an [Application Programming Interface (API)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/API).

> This can also be understood as the protocol that the resource "speaks".

Author: Ah, this was a suggestion from James and I think is helpful but I agree the wording could be better-- LMK what you think of update? I'm not sure if I like the combo or just like your suggestion better haha @mcvella

> This can also be understood as the protocol that the resource "speaks".

Reviewer 2: I like mine better because each exposed API is specific to that resource, so I think including "description" makes sense...

> This can also be understood as the protocol that the resource "speaks".

Author: Cool-- updated! @mcvella

> Every Viam [resource](/appendix/glossary/#term-resource) exposes an [Application Programming Interface (API)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/API).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every Viam {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="resource" text="resource" >}} exposes an [Application Programming Interface (API)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/API).
```

Author: done

Add a modular resource to your robot configuration in five steps:

> 1. [Code a module in Go or Python](#code-your-module), using the module support libraries provided by the Python or Go [Viam SDK](/program/get-started-sdks).

Reviewer: nice

| `type` | string | **Required** | The subtype of the [API](#apis) (the third part of the [API](#apis) triplet). |
| `name` | string | **Required** | What you want to name this instance of your modular resource. |
| `model` | string | **Required** | The [full triplet](#models) of the modular resource. |

> | `depends_on` | list | Optional | The `name` of components you want to confirm are available on your robot alongside your modular resource. Usually a [board](/components/board). |

Author: ```suggestion
| `depends_on` | array | Optional | The `name` of components you want to confirm are available on your robot alongside your modular resource. Usually a [board](/components/board). |
```

### Limitations

Custom models of the [arm](/components/arm) component type are not yet supported, as kinematic information is not currently exposed through the arm API.

{{< cards >}}

> {{% card link="/program/extend/modular-resources/examples" size="small" %}}

Reviewer: I think jsut these two then?
```suggestion
```
